# Course Schedule II

_Problem Statement_:

There are a total of `numCourses` courses you have to take, labeled from 0 to `numCourses` - 1. You are given an array `prerequisites` where `prerequisites[i] = [ai, bi]` indicates that you must take course `bi` first if you want to take course `ai`.

For example, the pair [0, 1], indicates that to take course 0 you have to first take course 1.
Return the ordering of courses you should take to finish all courses. If there are many valid answers, return any of them. If it is impossible to finish all courses, return an empty array.

_Solution Idea_:

- Maintain a dependency list mapping each course to a list of courses that depends on it.
- Keep a counter for how many courses each course is dependent on.
- Push to result vector all the courses whose counter is 0.
- Traverse the result vector. For all the neighbors of current element from result vector, reduce neighbors' dependent count, i.e., since this current course is done, we can reduce the number of courses the dependent was waiting for.
- If the dependent count is 0, add it to result set, i.e., the course is not dependent on anyone. So adding it to result set.
- In the end, if the result size is same as num of courses, we have found a way to finish all courses. So return the result set. Otherwise return empty set.

_Time Complexity_: **O(N.E)** - Each course(N) would be added only once but we would still go through all the edges(E) outgoing from this current node.

_Space Complexity_: O(N) - Each course would be added once to result set. In addition to result set, we are also maintaining a vector of dependency count and a graph of node to its neighbors.

