# Kth Largest Element in an Array

_Problem Statement_:
Given an integer array nums and an integer k, return the kth largest element in the array.
Note that it is the kth largest element in the sorted order, not the kth distinct element.
You must solve it in O(n) time complexity.

_Solution Idea_:

**Idea 1**:
- Keep inserting in a priority queue. As soon as you have more than k elements, remove 1 element.
- _Time Complexity_: O(nlogk) - We insert all elements into the priority queue, complexity of inserting a single element is a pq is log k, k being the size of pq. 
- _Space Complexity_: O(k) - We would save k elements.

**Idea 2**:
- Partition algorithm of quick sort.
- Pick an element from the index range(range_lower, range_upper).
- Partition around it.
  - Move all the elements greater that picked element to the back of array.
  - Place picked element at its right place.
- If this partitioned index(j) is the required position, return this value.
- If this partitioned index(j) is more than required position(k), then move index range down (range_lower, j - 1)
- If this partitioned index(j) is less than required position(k), then move index range up (j + 1, range_upper)

_Time Complexity_: **Amortized O(n)** - In each iteration, (in average case), you would partition the array in half. So, T(n) = T(n/2) + n[to go through all the elements], i.e. T(n) = O(logn) + O(n) ~~ O(n).
In worst case, the complexity increases to n^2, when partitioning is skewed, i.e., each partition only reduces the range by 1.
_Space Complexity_: O(1) - We are not saving anything extra.
