# Bulls and Cows

_Problem Statement_:
You are playing the Bulls and Cows game with your friend.

You write down a secret number and ask your friend to guess what the number is. When your friend makes a guess, you provide a hint with the following info:

- The number of "bulls", which are digits in the guess that are in the correct position.
- The number of "cows", which are digits in the guess that are in your secret number but are located in the wrong position. Specifically, the non-bull digits in the guess that could be rearranged such that they become bulls.
Given the secret number secret and your friend's guess guess, return the hint for your friend's guess.

The hint should be formatted as "xAyB", where x is the number of bulls and y is the number of cows. Note that both secret and guess may contain duplicate digits.

_Solution Idea_:
- To calculate bulls, just check which values are same.
- To calculate cows, maintain a vector. You increment in it for every entry in secret, and decrease for every number in guess.
- This means, if any values is negative at any point, we have unmatched guesses. If any entry in vector is positive, that means we have unmatched secret.
- For any value which is not same, if you have unmatched guess(number is negative), we found a cow. If we have unmatched secret(number is positive), we found a cow.

_Time Complexity_: **O(n)** - We traverse only for the length of the secret/guess.
_Space Complexity_: **O(1)** - We have a vector of length 10 (for counting unmatched numbers).

