# Verify Preorder Serialization of a Binary Tree

_Problem Statement_:
One way to serialize a binary tree is to use preorder traversal. When we encounter a non-null node, we record the node's value. If it is a null node, we record using a sentinel value such as '#'.
For example, binary tree can be serialized to the string "9,3,4,#,#,1,#,#,2,#,6,#,#", where '#' represents a null node.
Given a string of comma-separated values `preorder`, return true if it is a correct preorder traversal serialization of a binary tree.
It is guaranteed that each comma-separated value in the string must be either an integer or a character '#' representing null pointer.
You may assume that the input format is always valid.
For example, it could never contain two consecutive commas, such as "1,,3".

Note: You are not allowed to reconstruct the tree.

_Solution Idea_:
- Maintain a stack. Whenever there are 2 consecutive "#"'s at the end of stack, pop last 3 entries and push "#". Always maintain this invariant.
- At any point, if stack only has "#", we should not have any more inputs.
- Return false in any of the following cases:
        - If the last 2 elements of stack were "#" and we found they were below another "#" (3rd last element was "#")
        - If last 2 elements were "#", but there was not parent. (size of stack was only 2)
        - After we have root as "#", there are still more characters to be processed.
        - When all characters in input are processed but the stack has more than 1 characters or first character is not "#".

_Time Complexity_: **O(n)** - We would only be traversing any input atmost twice, once while putting into stack, second when removing it.

_Space Complexity_: **O(n)** - We would maintain a stack of tree nodes.

