# Longest Absolute File Path

_Problem Statement_:
Suppose we have a file system that stores both files and directories. 

In text form, it looks like this (with ⟶ representing the tab character):

dir

⟶ subdir1

⟶ ⟶ file1.ext

⟶ ⟶ subsubdir1

⟶ subdir2

⟶ ⟶ subsubdir2

⟶ ⟶ ⟶ file2.ext


If we were to write this representation in code, it will look like this: "dir\n\tsubdir1\n\t\tfile1.ext\n\t\tsubsubdir1\n\tsubdir2\n\t\tsubsubdir2\n\t\t\tfile2.ext". Note that the '\n' and '\t' are the new-line and tab characters.

Every file and directory has a unique absolute path in the file system, which is the order of directories that must be opened to reach the file/directory itself, all concatenated by '/'s. Using the above example, the absolute path to file2.ext is "dir/subdir2/subsubdir2/file2.ext". Each directory name consists of letters, digits, and/or spaces. Each file name is of the form name.extension, where name and extension consist of letters, digits, and/or spaces.

Given a string input representing the file system in the explained format, return the length of the longest absolute path to a file in the abstracted file system. If there is no file in the system, return 0.

Note that the testcases are generated such that the file system is valid and no file or directory name has length 0.

_Solution Idea_:
- Maintain a stack of current hierarchy.
- For any \n, push the current node into stack.
- Count \t's following \n. This would tell the depth of the next directory/file.
- If this is one level deeper, start processing the next level afresh.
- If this is next directory/file would not be a level deeper, then we need to remove entries from current stack and calculate longest path. Longest path would simply be sum of names of each node in current stack. Calculate longest path only if the last entry in stack was a file.
- Pop elements of stack until we match the depth of incoming dir/file.
- Also, when processing name, if you see a '.', mark the node as a file.

_Time Complexity_: **O(n)** - We traverse the input once and remove from stack only once. So O(2*n) at max.

_Space Complexity_: **O(n)** - We maintain a stack to save current hierarchy.

