# Decode String

_Problem Statement_:
Given an encoded string, return its decoded string.

The encoding rule is: `k[encoded_string]`, where the encoded_string inside the square brackets is being repeated exactly k times. Note that k is guaranteed to be a positive integer.

You may assume that the input string is always valid; there are no extra white spaces, square brackets are well-formed, etc. Furthermore, you may assume that the original data does not contain any digits and that digits are only for those repeat numbers, k. For example, there will not be input like 3a or 2[4].

The test cases are generated so that the length of the output will never exceed 10^5.

_Solution Idea_:
Maintain 2 stacks:
- one for how many times the next set of string should be repeated.
- two, for what were the last string I was working on.

- Whenever you encounter a number, push it to number stack.
- Whenever you encounter a string, append to current working string.
- As soon as you hit '[', push current working string to stack and start afresh.
- As soon as you hit ']':
        - Get the string you were last working on from stack
        - Get the number how many times this current string should be repeated.
        - Repeat and append to last string you were working on.
        - Make that your current working string.

_Time Complexity_: **O(n)** - We traverse the input string only once. We get data from stack but each entry from stack is expanded only once. Once expanded, we work on expanded string.

_Space Complexity_: **O(n)** - Linear in respect to input space.

