#Longest Repeating Character Replacement

_Problem Statement_:

You are given a string s and an integer k. You can choose any character of the string and change it to any other uppercase English character. You can perform this operation at most k times.
Return the length of the longest substring containing the same letter you can get after performing the above operations.

_Solution Idea_:
Solution might be bit confusing.
- Clearly this is a 2 pointer problem/sliding window problem.
- Keep a map to save count of each character as you go along.
- Keep a variable to keep track of count of most occurring character, since we want a string with longest substring with **same** letter.
- At any moment, when you have more characters than what could be replaced, i.e. (current window size - count of most occurring character), then move your window.
- It could happen that our window has more characters than what is allowed to be replaced, i.e., left window boundary has moved such that most frequent character is now not in window and we have other characters but we don't have enough k to replace them all). This does not matter. Because, when we first hit this case, we would have correct window. Any time in future, if we find a new most occurring character, then our window would have fallen into right place.
- If we want to return one of the substring which is correct, we only create substring when we update longest.
- If we want to return all substrings, then this algo would fail. Will have to think something else, or modify it.

_Time Complexity_: **O(n)** - Since we would visit each character at most twice, 1st with right window marker, 2nd with left window marker.
_Space Complexity: **O(n)** - Since in worst case, we may end up saving all characters in hashmap, i.e., all characters are different.
