# Design Search Autocomplete System

_Problem Statement_:
Design a search autocomplete system for a search engine. Users may input a sentence (at least one word and end with a special character '#').

You are given a string array sentences and an integer array times both of length n where sentences[i] is a previously typed sentence and times[i] is the corresponding number of times the sentence was typed. For each input character except '#', return the top 3 historical hot sentences that have the same prefix as the part of the sentence already typed.

Here are the specific rules:

- The hot degree for a sentence is defined as the number of times a user typed the exactly same sentence before.
- The returned top 3 hot sentences should be sorted by hot degree (The first is the hottest one). If several sentences have the same hot degree, use ASCII-code order (smaller one appears first).
- If less than 3 hot sentences exist, return as many as you can.
- When the input is a special character, it means the sentence ends, and in this case, you need to return an empty list.

Implement the AutocompleteSystem class:  
- `AutocompleteSystem(vector<string> &sentences, vector<int> &times)` Initializes the object with the sentences and times arrays.
- `vector<string> input(char c)` This indicates that the user typed the character c.
        - Returns an empty array [] if c == '#' and stores the inputted sentence in the system.
        - Returns the top 3 historical hot sentences that have the same prefix as the part of the sentence already typed. If there are fewer than 3 matches, return them all.

_Solution Idea_:
- Since it requires prefix-completions, trie would be the best data structure for this.
- Since we also need to return only top k results, priority queue would be suitable for that.

Initialize the usual trie structure with additionally 2 info
- Whether there is a string ending at current character.
- What is the occurrence of the current character. If there are multiple string that pass through this character, keep maximum.

At the time of search, update root to point to child. That helps in filter results like the questions demands(incremental results). So for any incoming new character, we start by collecting all the strings using priority_queue and push to resultSet if we encounter end of string. Priority_queue sorts of occurences we saved in trie. If occurrences are same, we rely on lexicographical sorting.

Once we have 3 results, we bail out and return. If there are less than 3 results, we return whatever we have.

**Possible Optimizations** - If there are no 2 strings passing through the current character, we could compress by storing the whole of remaining string and marking the current node as end node. This increasing init time (since you split wheneven 2 strings pass through same character) but saves in result fetching time(as soon as we have single path, we return the string).

_Time Complexity_: **O(n.length of string)** For insertion. **O(n)** for searching. We push all string starting for current character to resultSet(O(n)), and pick top k(O(k)).

_Space Complexity_: **O(n)** - For maintaining trie structure.

