#Split Array into Consecutive Subsequences

_Problem Statement_:

You are given an integer array nums that is sorted in non-decreasing order.

Determine if it is possible to split nums into one or more subsequences such that both of the following conditions are true:
- Each subsequence is a consecutive increasing sequence (i.e. each integer is exactly one more than the previous integer).
- All subsequences have a length of 3 or more.
Return true if you can split nums according to the above conditions, or false otherwise.

A subsequence of an array is a new array that is formed from the original array by deleting some (can be none) of the elements without disturbing the relative positions of the remaining elements. (i.e., [1,3,5] is a subsequence of [1,2,3,4,5] while [1,3,2] is not).

_Solution_:

- Idea is to create strictly increasing sets.
- Maintain a list of endings and the number of elements in each current sets.
- If there is a possibility to add the current element into multiple sets, add it to the newer set and not to an older set.

_Time Complexity_: **O(n . number of splits)** - In worst case, for each incoming num, we would have to check in each of the splits whether this num can be added. In best case, it would be O(n).
_Space Complexity_: **O(n)** - At max, we would have an additional array to keep track of splits.

Another approach:
- Count occurrences of each element.
- For any new element, check if 
  - it extends an earlier set, if so, extend it.
  - it creates a new set with atleast next 2 elements, then make so.
  - none of above, return false.

_Time Complexity_: **O(n)** - In any case, we would traverse the array only once.
_Space Complexity_: **O(n)** - At max, we would have 2 arrays of length n.
