# Exam Room

_Problem Statement_:
There is an exam room with n seats in a single row labeled from 0 to n - 1.
When a student enters the room, they must sit in the seat that maximizes the distance to the closest person. If there are multiple such seats, they sit in the seat with the lowest number. If no one is in the room, then the student sits at seat number 0.
Design a class that simulates the mentioned exam room.

Implement the ExamRoom class:
- `ExamRoom(int n)` - Initializes the object of the exam room with the number of the seats n.
- `int seat()` - Returns the label of the seat at which the next student will set.
- `void leave(int p)` - Indicates that the student sitting at seat p will leave the room. It is guaranteed that there will be a student sitting at seat p.

_Solution Idea_:
- Since we want to maximize the distance, anytime we want to insert, we would need to go through all the placed kids and calculate which 2 kids have largest distance.
- This make set (ordered set) best data-structure for this use-case.
- Maintain a set of index where kids are placed.
- Traverse through the entries in set and find which is the largest distance.
- Place it in middle and update set.
- Corner cases: kid placed at boundaries and they left.
- If you use list with unordered_map instead of single set, complexity can be further reduced. Leave can be reduced to O(1). Seat would still be O(n).

_Time Complexity_: **O(n)** - Complexity of traversing the set. Complexity for placing in set is O(logn). We need to search through whole of set to find the most distant place.
_Space Complexity_: **O(n)** - We would be saving what indices are occupied.
