#Sum of Subarray Minimums

_Problem Statement_:
Given an array of integers arr, find the sum of min(b), where b ranges over every (contiguous) subarray of arr. Since the answer may be large, return the answer modulo 10^9 + 7.

_Solution Idea_:
A tricking problem.
We want to identify what is the min in each of subarray and add them up. Naive algorithm would be find out min in each subarray and then add them up. That would have a time complexity of O(n^2) since you have to loop through i=0 to n and then j = i to n to make all the subarrays.
A better algorithm would be for an element at index i, in how many subarrays would this be a minimum element. This can be done by:
- Do a run from left to right to find the count of subarrays the current element is minimum.
- Do a similar run from right to left.
- As for result, we can do element * (num of left subarrays element is min + num of right subarrays element in min)

To do the left to right and right to left runs, we can use stack to maintain current min element seen till now.

_Time Complexity_: **O(n)** - We are going through all the elements thrice. Once to calculate left to right mins, then right to left mins, then to actually compute the total count. So, it would be O(3n) to be precise. In worst case, it can be O(4n) when the array is sorted in either direction, since we would need to add all elements to stack and remove all of them.
_Space Complexity_: **O(n)** - We are saving 2 vectors of length n to save left min counts and right min counts.

